General Feedback
    Overall pretty positive, people seem to like our game!
    New mechanic in platforming that ends up feeling rather intuitive
    People like the levels/design
        Overall seems like people like the progression!

Things we did well
    Balance polish + things in game
        People liked the flip when jumping!
        Controls Page + RB!
    Gravity mechanic works really well
        This is our main thing, so that is super good!
    Easy vs Normal mode
    Controller support
    Auto-load next level

Bugs people ran into during playtesting:
    Getting stuck under platforms (Bat/Spike + Intro to Sharks) [didn't notice until people playtested]
    Chapter 2 is hard at first, but people understand the platforming afterwards [didn't notice until people playtested]
        Better tutorial?
            Explain how to clear all and/or re-adjust wells better
        2-3 wells in that room?
        Can only clear well buttons?
    Multi-player on well exit [seemed to have gone away for us, but came back for some folks]
        Bools when recreating player leaving wells
        Ensure only 1 player in game at a time
    Camera Shenanigans [shipped known bugs - not enough time]
        Intro to Sharks, hard to place wells in front of you to see what happens
        Slow camera return after death
            Playtester ran off the screen, died, and respawned in the previous room becaues of this
    Controller things [forgotten things...]
        R3 exits the game
        XBox X button allows pushing rock monsters
        Should probably check input map before releasing a game...
        
Suggestions from playtesters
    Make magma rocks despawn quicker
        15s -> 7s -> SOMETHING LESS!
    Analog stick is a little janky
        Decrease sensitivity?
        Analog sticks are just bad?
        Use a d-pad!?
        SNES CONTROLLER FTW!
    Could flesh out enemies a little more
        
Future of the game?
    MORE STORY
        Interject more of the story in the levels
        Gave players options that affect the final outcome of the game
        We had that one idea of the option to return the gold
    Characters in levels!
        something for people to interact with to show off the world
    MORE LEVELS
    BETTER JOKES!
    Level subplots
        Side quests within levels
            ex: Return baby shark to parent
    Something to collect
        Odyssey has moons
        Spyro 3 had eggs
    More interesting interactions with wells
        Other enemies in wells?
    Different types of wells?
    
